this tutorial is related to a Java error
here I have a URL let's copy that
address go to the Internet and paste in
that address and hit the Go button okay
and the website has an animation here
using Java and I receive an error
message application block by Java
security and I have only an OK button
after ok ever click for details ok
ignore does nothing click for detail
reload and is the same message ok so how
to fix this problem
let's close Internet Explorer in Windows
8.1 right-click the start button and go
to control panel
ok and here
you bye instead of category let's switch
to large icons and here let's search for
Java it's here Java ok click Java and
this window pops up and let's go to the
Security tab up here security and here
is an exception list add it side list
click that button and click the Add
button and here let's paste in control V
paste in the address bar this one which
was run in Internet Explorer now let's
close it with the add button ok it's not
safe security risk whatever click
continue the address was added close it
with ok ok once more
now let's go back to the internet paste
in the same URL and let's see the result
the Java animation should appear that's
my little program and here it is okay so
after adding it to an exception list it
should work that's it thanks for
watching and bye bye